You ruin something in our store or lose money.
Or buy it
Otherwise you don't want to run
You just saw it.
You threw the takeout on the jade bracelet
Just fell out
Anyone?
Did you see it?
No one saw it
This jade bracelet 500,000
See how you pay
Does he have that much money as a delivery guy?
If you don't have so much money, let your family collect it
Anyway, you have to be responsible for destroying our jade bracelet.
What about your phone? Take it out and call me. Let me go
How come?
It should be a shopping problem.
Today was an accident
It's alright usually
Wife
Find someone to deal with it quickly
Don't affect the market
It has affected me. Come here
Understood, I'll send it to you.
This has nothing to do with me
I still want to send the next order.
Still thinking of delivering takeout?
If it weren't for this takeout you delivered
Can this happen?
Take your takeout
Our jade master will also accompany us
Don't go too far
How things are going, everyone knows
And there are surveillance cameras in the store
Otherwise, I'll call the police over to retrieve the surveillance
See who is responsible
You still want to threaten me
Believe it or not, I won't let you out of this store today.
So brave